README.md, before:

# dotsync
dotfiles manager without symlinks

## Getting Started

## SYNOPSIS

```console
$ dotsync repo [-w path]

$ dotsync install source dest

$ dotsync changes

$ dotsync pull [-n]

$ dotsync uninstall path

$ dotsync export
```

`dotsync repo` gets the source root path. If *-w* option is passed, it updates source root with *path*.

`dotsync install` links *source* to *dest* to manage changes.

`dotsync uninstall` unlink and remove *path*.

`dotsync changes` prints locally changed filenames.

`dotsync pull` applies all updates from sources. If *-n* option is passed, it prints filenames but it don't update them.

## FILES

*dotsync* manages both sources root and state files as a repository where is stored under **~/.local/state/dotsync** directory.
The source root is a path to the top of sources, all dotfiles will be copied from that directory. Typically it is managed by Git or other SCMs.
Every state file is named as a relative path from the source root of the source file. These are stored under **store** directory in the repository, and these contains three values: SHA256 hash of the source file, permission and destination path.

For example, if you link **~/src/dotfiles/dot.bashrc** to **~/.bashrc** and **~/src/dotfiles/lib/plumbing** to **~/lib/plumbing**, then the repository will be figured out:

```console
% tree ~/.local/state/dotsync
dotsync─┬─repo
        └─store─┬─dot.bashrc
                └─lib───plumbing
% cat ~/.local/state/dotsync/repo
/home/xxx/src/dotfiles
% cat ~/.local/state/dotsync/store/dot.bashrc
5891b5b522d5df086d0ff0b110fbd9d21bb4fc7163af34d08286a2e846f6be03 644 /home/xxx/.bashrc
```

Commit message:

install: allow to copy multiple files and add -f option

README.md, after:

# dotsync
dotfiles manager without symlinks

## Getting Started

## SYNOPSIS

```console
$ dotsync repo [-w path]

$ dotsync install [-f] source [...] dest

$ dotsync changes

$ dotsync pull [-n]

$ dotsync uninstall path

$ dotsync export
```

`dotsync repo` gets the source root path. If *-w* option is passed, it updates source root with *path*.

`dotsync install` links *source* to *dest* to manage changes. When *-f* option is passed, it overwrites *dest* even if file is already exists.

`dotsync uninstall` unlink and remove *path*.

`dotsync changes` prints locally changed filenames.

`dotsync pull` applies all updates from sources. If *-n* option is passed, it prints filenames but it don't update them.

## FILES

*dotsync* manages both sources root and state files as a repository where is stored under **~/.local/state/dotsync** directory.
The source root is a path to the top of sources, all dotfiles will be copied from that directory. Typically it is managed by Git or other SCMs.
Every state file is named as a relative path from the source root of the source file. These are stored under **store** directory in the repository, and these contains three values: SHA256 hash of the source file, permission and destination path.

For example, if you link **~/src/dotfiles/dot.bashrc** to **~/.bashrc** and **~/src/dotfiles/lib/plumbing** to **~/lib/plumbing**, then the repository will be figured out:

```console
% tree ~/.local/state/dotsync
dotsync─┬─repo
        └─store─┬─dot.bashrc
                └─lib───plumbing
% cat ~/.local/state/dotsync/repo
/home/xxx/src/dotfiles
% cat ~/.local/state/dotsync/store/dot.bashrc
5891b5b522d5df086d0ff0b110fbd9d21bb4fc7163af34d08286a2e846f6be03 644 /home/xxx/.bashrc
```
